# Meeting Minutes

**Subject**: UX-side Architecture Review

**Attendees**:
 * Benjamin
 * Bruno
 * Mathias
 * Samuel
 * Steve
 * Nicolas
 * Freddy (external)

# Background

 * There is a degree of urgency as: 
     * vacation season will begin; and
     * the last XCom saw questions asked about the choice of architecture, prompting new research (specifically on ReactNativeWeb), as well as underlying the need for a Management Review.
 * **Goal**: to achieve Management buy-in of the proposed architecture.
 * Freddy is in attendance as he's consulted for Steve and Nicolas on the choice of architecture described herein and is well suited to explain and answer questions on the subject.

**Scope**: we focus mainly on the UX-side architecture for this meeting; leaving decisions on internal Tezos system/components to be used for later.

# Minutes
 * Samuel introduces the meeting; reviewing the goal of the project; the project constraints; and the goal of the meeting
 * Samuel shows the [proposed architecture diagram](/docs/architecture.md)
 * Benjamin asks several questions (paraphrased):
     * how does the architecture work?
     * what is ReactNativeWeb?; how is it different?
     * how does this tie in to Reason?
 * Freddy answers Benjamin's questions and provides additional explaination:
     * RNW is an abstraction layer allowing for a single portable code base
 * Concerns:
     * do we have a lot of expertise with Electron? The answer is no. In balance, this may not be a large risk.
     * Forces Chrome in the infrastructure--this may be an acceptable consequence.
 * Benjamin states that he is convinced by the proposed architecture.
 * Steve demonstrates v0.1.0 of the Reference Wallet: (i) balance; (ii) tx history
 * Further considerations (not related directly to UI):
     * Indexer integration would be better (politically) with Tezos Indexer (rather than TzState)
     * Tezos Client should be retrofitted with a JSON STD output
     * The choice of nodes to connect with will matter: proxy_mode and lite_mode should be considered in the future
