# Nomadic Labs - Reference Wallet Project - Meeting Minutes

**Held on**: 2020-10-16 at 11:30 CEST

## Attendees

 * Arthur Breitman
 * Michel Mauny
 * Oana Piciorus Ladret
 * Samuel Bourque
 * Steve Sanches
 * Nicolas Fillion
 * Julia Ah-Yionne
 * Alexandre Doussaut

## Minutes

 * [SB] Recap of previous meeting, agenda and follow ups
 * [SB] Report for Sprint 6:
     * UI Integration
     * HD Accounts
     * Transaction Advanced Options
     * New members: Freddy and Remy (next week)
 * [SS] Demo:
     * new transaction flow w/ advanced options
     * new mockup for tx history
     * HD accounts
 * [AB] Comments:
     * advanced options should be organized by relevance/importance
     * counter might be removed, or in last place
     * burn fee and gas limit are tied--one can be removed
     * number of confirmations should be a global setting
     * transaction is taking too long--should return after injection
     * could recipient be captured by QR code?
     * we should engage more openly on the WWG Slack Channel
 * [SB] Review the roadmap: Alpha version expected either next 1 or 2 sprints
 * [MB] Review the status of the Compile-to-JS project
 * [AB] No futher comments on status or roadmap--it was a good demonstration

## Follow ups

 * [SB] engage more openly on the WWG Slack Channel
 * [Team] Revise Transaction advanced options
 * [SS] Change confirmation option: i.e. no-wait
